update release highlight 2.13.0 (#7879)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.13.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.13.0]]
== 2.13.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-2130-known-issues"]
=== Known issues

> Upgrading Elasticsearch to version `8.14.0` from any version prior to `8.4.0` leads to Elasticsearch Pods not reaching a ready state. The workaround is to first update to `8.13.2` and then upgrade to `8.14.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading Elasticsearch to version `8.14.0` from any version prior to `8.4.0` leads to Elasticsearch Pods not reaching a ready state. To avoid the issue, first upgrade to `8.13.2` and then upgrade to `8.14.0`.
```

Reviewer: Technically, an upgrade to any version `8.4.0<= v < 8.14.0` would work followed by the 8.14 upgrade, correct?

Author: That is true, I can adjust the message

Author: I updated the message, let me know what you think.

> Upgrading Elasticsearch to version `8.14.0` from any version prior to `8.4.0` leads to Elasticsearch Pods not reaching a ready state. To avoid the issue, first upgrade to any version from `8.4.0` to `8.13.2` and then upgrade to `8.14.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading Elasticsearch to version `8.14.0` from any version prior to `8.4.0` leads to Elasticsearch Pods not reaching a ready state. To avoid the issue, first upgrade to any version between `8.4.0` and up to and including `8.13.2` and then upgrade to `8.14.0`.
```
Not sure it that makes it clearer as I am not a native speaker, your version works too.

[[release-highlights-2.13.0]]
== 2.13.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-2130-known-issues"]

> === Known issues

Author: do we update anything else for known issues ?
